docs: add hausanschluss bundles (#268)
eclipse-tractusx/tractus-x-umbrella: docs/user/guides/hausanschluss-bundles.md

## Introduction

> The **“Hausanschluss” Bundle** is a set of Helm Charts that simplifies deployment of all the Catena-X enablement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **“Hausanschluss” Bundles** is a set of helm charts that simplifies deployment of all the Tractus-X enablement
```

| Dataspace Connector    | Eclipse Dataspace Connector, PostgreSQL, Vault subchart | Vault / PostgreSQL can be swapped out     |
| Digital Twin           | Digital Twin Registry (DTR), PostgreSQL                 | PostgreSQL can be swapped out             |
| Data Persistence Layer | Simple Submodel Server                                  | -                                         |

You can enable or disable any bundle independently and supply your own implementations.

## Installation Guide

### Add the Helm Repository

```bash
helm repo add tractusx-dev https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/charts/dev
helm repo update
```

### Update the Chart Dependencies

```bash
helm dependency update charts/data-persistence-layer-bundle
helm dependency update charts/dataspace-connector-bundle
helm dependency update charts/digital-twin-bundle
helm dependency update charts/identity-and-trust-bundle
```

### Deploying the Charts

#### Umbrella

To install the entire umbrella Chart, see [README.md](/README.md).

#### Install a single Bundle

Install a bundle with its default values:

> ##### dataspace-connector-bundle

Reviewer: change to discussed header pattern

```bash
helm install connector tractusx-dev/dataspace-connector-bundle \
  --namespace umbrella --create-namespace
```

> ##### data-persistence-layer-bundle

Reviewer: change to discussed header pattern

```bash
helm install submodel-server tractusx-dev/data-persistence-layer-bundle \
  --namespace umbrella --create-namespace
```

##### digital-twin-bundle

> ⚠️ Due to an issue in the sldt-digital-twin-registry Helm Chart, the dataSource.url cannot be templated and has to be set manually to the release name

```bash
helm install dtr tractusx-dev/digital-twin-bundle \
  --namespace umbrella --create-namespace \
  --set digital-twin-registry.registry.dataSource.url=jdbc:postgresql://dtr-postgresql:5432/dtr
```

> ##### identity-and-trust-bundle

Reviewer: change to discussed header pattern

```bash
helm install wallet tractusx-dev/identity-and-trust-bundle \
  --namespace umbrella --create-namespace
```

#### Use a bundle as dependencies

Create your own Chart and add the bundles as dependency.

```yaml
dependencies:
  - name: dataspace-connector-bundle
    version: 1.0.1
    repository: https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/charts/dev
```

The Bundles are pre-configured to work with in the Umbrella environment.  

> In case you want to use them in your own dataspace, you have to adjust the "Identity and Trust Protocol (IATP) Settings"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want to use them in your own dataspace, you have to adjust the Decentralized Claims Protocol (formerly IATP) Settings"
```

of the dataspace-connector-bundle with credentials of your own dataspace.

```yaml
dataspace-connector-bundle:
  tractusx-connector:
    iatp:
      id: <your-did>
      trustedIssuers:
        - <the-trusted-issuer-did>
      sts:
        dim:
          url: <your-wallet-dim-url>
        oauth:
          token_url: <your-wallet-token-url>
          client:
            id: <your-client-id>
            secret_alias: edc-wallet-secret-vault-alias

```

## Customizing Your Deployment

### Bring-Your-Own Components

> Each Capability Bundle supports BYO of its dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Capability Bundle supports Bring-Your-Own (BYO) of its dependencies:
```
